[Autogenerated] All right, let's dive into stack sets.
Now I'm at the CloudFormation console screen.
I'll go to stack sets and let's create one of these.
So I'm gonna click on Create.
I'll say my template is ready and I'm going to upload
one that I downloaded from AWS.
I'll click on next,
and this brings us to a familiar screen we give our stacks at a
name will leave the description what it is,
and then we can specify parameters similar to a normal stack.
Now I'll leave these as the defaults I'll click on next,
and this brings us to a permissions section.
Now this is where it really differs from normal CloudFormation stacks.
We have to specify an administrative role,
and you'll notice that this role will be used for administering our
individual accounts that we want to deploy to.
So what that means is,
this admin role will assume this execution role here at
the bottom in each of our accounts.
So what that looks like and I am.
We have our admin role, which is allowing CloudFormation to assume it,
and it has privileges to assume this role down here.
The execution role, which,
if we look at the trust relationship allows that admin role to assume it.
So that's how those pieces fit together.
I'll click on next.
And now we specify either the accounts that we want to
deploy to in a CSV file or manually, or we can choose our Oh,
use that.
We want to push, too.
So if we're in an organization in an enterprise,
this is useful for our use case.
I'll do accounts.
I'm gonna only paste my single account here that I have.
And now we move down to regions.
So I can specify which regions in this list of accounts up here
that I want to deploy to so I'll select to.
So we're deploying to us East one in us West to.
But this stack set lives in us East to the next thing
we have is deployment operations.
So we specify the number of accounts per region.
We want to deploy these stacks to.
I'll leave it at one,
and we'll also leave our failure tolerance at zero we can review
our stack set and then I'm going to submit.
Now you can see we have an operation running,
and if I go to stack instances,
we'll see We have two stacks being deployed there in the same account,
but they're in the two regions that we specified.
Now these error outdated because they're just now being deployed.
But now, when I refresh,
you see that are us East one is current and are us West to is now
getting deployed because that first one finished.
And that's because we set a concurrency of one.
All right, so just like that, we're all current.
So if I go back to operations, we see its success.
I'll go to info.
And there you go.
We can now see our info on our stack set that we deployed containing are
multiple stack instances and it's all from a single location.
So now if I go to us East one,
I should see a CloudFormation stack here from our stack set.
And there it is.
Stack set our stacks at name and then and identify error
populated by CloudFormation we can CR resource is our events all
the good stuff that goes along with stacks.
So if I check in us west to as well,
we should see the same stack just with a different idea in the end.
And there it is create complete.
All of our resource is and our events.
Okay, so how do we clean up?
Well, let me go back.
And if I select our stack set, I'll go to actions and then delete.
Now this is going to error out and you'll see why.
It's because it's not empty.
So we have to get rid of those sub stacks before
we can delete the stack set itself.
So what I'll do is you can go to actions.
Delete stacks from stack set.
You can specify all of your accounts or some of your accounts.
You can add all of your regions or specify custom regions,
and then it's the same deployment options at the bottom Now.
One key difference here is that you can retain stacks,
and what that means is CloudFormation will leave those sub
stacks in the different accounts and regions.
But it just dis associates those stacks from our stack sets.
So then we can manage the stack set separately.
Then the stacks themselves.
I'll click next, and then I'll click on Submit.
And there you go.
It's running now, so I'll pause here and pick back up when it succeeded.
All right, so we've completed now.
So now, under stack instances, we have none.
So let's delete the stack set, and this should let us delete it.
Now there we go.
And now it's gone, so we're all cleaned up.
So that's how you can leverage CloudFormation stack sets to deploy a
similar template to multiple accounts as well as regions.
Now that we have a firm grasp on CloudFormation in its use cases, let's move on to learning about a W s ops works.